A Word of Caution
It is important to understand that by
downloading and running public exploits,
we can greatly endanger any
system which runs that code.
With that in mind,
we need to carefully read and
understand the code before execution
to ensure no negative effects.
Take, for example, 0pen0wn, which was
published as a remote exploit for SSH.
While reading the source code,
we noticed that it was
asking for root privileges,
which was immediately suspicious.
Further examination of the payload
revealed an interesting jmpcode array.
Although it was masked as shellcode,
thejmpcode character array was,
in fact, a hex-encoded string
containing a malicious shell command.
This single command would
effectively wipe out
the attacker’s UNIX-based filesystem.
In the lines that followed,
the program would connect
to a public IRC server
to announce the user’s
idiocy to the world,
making this an extremely dangerous,
and potentially embarrassing
malicious exploit!
So if the Internet is riddled with harmful
exploits, where can we find reliable ones?
The online resources mentioned in this
module analyze the submitted exploit code
before hosting it online.
Nevertheless, even when using
these trusted resources,
it’s important to properly
read the code
to get a rough idea of what it
will do upon execution.
Even if you don’t consider
yourself a programmer,
this is a great way to improve
your code-reading skills
and may even save you some
embarrassment one day.